Large Refactor of Docs and Components (#683)
PrefectHQ/marvin: docs/welcome/what_is_marvin.md

# What is Marvin?

Marvin is a Python library that lets you use Large Language Models by writing code, not prompts. It's open source,
free to use, rigorously type-hinted, used by thousands of engineers, and built by the engineering team at [Prefect](https://prefect.io).

??? Question "Explain Like I'm Five"
    === "I'm technical"

        Marvin lets your software speak English and ask questions to LLMs.

        It introspects the types and docstrings of your functions and data models, and lets you cast them
        to prompts automatically to pass to a Large Language Model. This lets you write code as you normally would
        instead of writing prompts, and we handle the translation back and forth for you. 

        This lets you focus on what you've always focused on: writing clean, versioned, reusable *code* and *data models*, 

>         and not scrutinizing whether you begged your LLM hard enough to output JSON. 

Reviewer: this is a matter of life and death

        Extracting, generating, cleaning, or classifying data is as simple as writing a function or a data model.

    === "I'm not technical"

        Marvin lets engineers who know Python use Large Language Models without needing to write prompts.

        It turns out that ChatGPT and other Large Language Models are good at performing boring but incredibly valuable

>         business-critical tasks beyond being a chatbot: you can use them to classify emails as spam, extract key figures
>         from a report, etc. When you use something like ChatGPT you spend a lot of time crafting the right prompt or

Reviewer: maybe
```suggestion
        business-critical tasks beyond being a chatbot: you can use them to classify emails as spam, extract key figures
        from a report - exactly however you want for your scenario. When you use something like ChatGPT you spend a lot of time crafting the right prompt or
```
